Add missing .NET Core runtime options and env. variables (#18368)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet.md

  Path to an additional *.deps.json* file. A *deps.json* file contains a list of dependencies, compilation dependencies, and version information used to address assembly conflicts. For more information, see [Runtime Configuration Files](https://github.com/dotnet/cli/blob/master/Documentation/specs/runtime-configuration-file.md) on GitHub.

- **`--depsfile`**

  Path to the *deps.json* file. A *deps.json* file is a configuration file that contains information about dependencies necessary to run the application. This file is generated by .NET Core SDK.

- **`--runtimeconfig`**

  Path to a *runtimeconfig.json* file. A *runtimeconfig.json* file is a configuration file that contains run-time settings. For more information, see [.NET Core run-time configuration settings](../run-time-config/index.md#runtimeconfigjson).

- **`--roll-forward <SETTING>`** **Available starting with .NET Core SDK 3.0.**

>   Controls how roll forward is applied to the app. The `SETTING` can be one of the following values. If not specified, `Minor` is the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Controls how roll forward is applied to the app. The `SETTING` can be one of the following values. If not specified, `Minor` is the default.
  
```

  List of assemblies to load and execute startup hooks from.

- `DOTNET_BUNDLE_EXTRACT_BASE_DIR` **Available starting with .NET Core 3.x.**

  Specifies a directory to which a single-file application is extracted before it is executed.

  For more information, see [Single-file executables](../whats-new/dotnet-core-3-0.md#single-file-executables).

- `COREHOST_TRACE`, `COREHOST_TRACEFILE`, `COREHOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY`

  Controls diagnostics tracing from the hosting components, such as `dotnet.exe`, `hostfxr`, and `hostpolicy`.

  * `COREHOST_TRACE=[0/1]` - default is `0` - tracing disabled. If set to `1` the diagnostics tracing is enabled.

>   * `COREHOST_TRACEFILE=<file path>` **Available starting with .NET Core 3.x.** - only has effect if tracing is enabled via `COREHOST_TRACE=1`. When set the tracing information is written to the specified file, otherwise the tracing information is written to `stderr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `COREHOST_TRACEFILE=<file path>` - only has effect if tracing is enabled via `COREHOST_TRACE=1`. When set, the tracing information is written to the specified file, otherwise the tracing information is written to `stderr`. **Available starting with .NET Core 3.x.** 
```

>   * `COREHOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY=[1/2/3/4]` **Available starting with .NET Core 3.x.** - default is `4`. The setting is used only when tracing is enabled via `COREHOST_TRACE=1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `COREHOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY=[1/2/3/4]` - default is `4`. The setting is used only when tracing is enabled via `COREHOST_TRACE=1`. **Available starting with .NET Core 3.x.**
```

    * `4` - all tracing information is written
    * `3` - only informational, warning and error messages are written
    * `2` - only warning and error messages are written
    * `1` - only error messages are written

>   `COREHOST_TRACEFILE` and `COREHOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY` is only supported starting with .NET Core 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  `COREHOST_TRACEFILE` and `COREHOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY` are supported starting with .NET Core 3.0.
```

>   Typical way to get a detailed trace information about the application startup is to set `COREHOST_TRACE=1` and `COREHOST_TRACEFILE=host_trace.txt` and then run the application. A new file `host_trace.txt` will be created in the current directory with the detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The typical way to get detailed trace information about application startup is to set `COREHOST_TRACE=1` and `COREHOST_TRACEFILE=host_trace.txt` and then run the application. A new file `host_trace.txt` will be created in the current directory with the detailed information.
```
